feat: Add Python to docs (#134)
open-feature/openfeature.dev: docs/reference/technologies/server/python.mdx

# Python

> ℹ️ The OpenFeature Python SDK is looking for a maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ The OpenFeature Python SDK is not yet stable and is looking for maintainers.
```

Reviewer: I think this is a great CTA 👍
